#summary Getting Started Guide.

= Getting Started =

== Introduction ==

Welcome to be a Dbist! This framework is easy to use. It'll takes only a few minutes before you start DB programming, if you're already prepared to program a java application.<br><br>
Dbist currently supports Oracle only, but it'll be extended to other DB types soon. (SQLServer, DB2, ...)<br>
If you're an oracle user, you can start right now.<br>
Let's begin...

== Installation ==

  # Oracle 10g or later - Required
  # Tomcat 7 (or another WAS which supports Servlet 3.0) - Required
  # Java SE JDK 6
  # Maven2 or later
  # Eclipse Indigo or later (IDE for Java EE Developers)
  # Eclipse Plugin - Maven Integration for Eclipse (from Eclipse Marketplace)

== Running Example Sources ==

  # Create an Database to your Oracle (ex. dbist)
  # Run [ExampleSchema this script] to the Database 
  # Download this [https://repo-m2.googlecode.com/svn/releases/org/dbist/dbist-example-webapp/1.0.1/dbist-example-webapp-1.0.1.war dbist-example-webapp-1.0.1.war] file and modify the file name as "dbist-example.war"<br>(or check-out the example project from [http://dbist.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ the dbist SVN])
  # Publish this example to your tomcat server
  # Check and modify [ConfigProperties the config.properties](dbist-example/WEB-INF/config.properties) file
  # Run the tomcat server and browse [http://localhost:8080/dbist-example/dbistadmin this url] on a browser
  # Move to the "Dml" menu and enjoy it. (class: *org.dbist.example.blog.jdbc* and enter)